Platform metadata credentials (#8950)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/explore/external-metadata-ingestion.md

1. Go to **Account settings**.
2. Click **Connections** from the left-hand side panel.
3. Select an existing connection or create a [**New connection**](/docs/cloud/connect-data-platform/connect-snowflake) where you want to ingest metadata from.
4. Scroll to the **Platform metadata credentials** section.

>     - If platform metadata ingestion is not configured yet, the credentials form opens by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If platform metadata ingestion is not yet configured, the credentials form is immediately in edit mode.
```

> 5. If platform metadata ingestion is not yet configured, the credentials form is immediately in edit mode.

Reviewer: Hey @nataliefiann , sorry if I wasn't clear with my [suggestion](https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/pull/8950/changes#r3073360697)! The idea was to separate the 'what you see' part from the 'what you do' part, since users could land on either an edit mode form or an **Add credentials** button. The current order of information disrupts the flow of the user experience a bit. Could we try splitting it into: 

4. Scroll to the Platform metadata credentials section. Depending on your current configuration, you may see one of the following:
      -   If platform metadata ingestion is not yet configured, the credentials form is immediately in edit mode.
      -   If you previously canceled and see Add credentials, click the button to open the form.

      If you have multiple connections that reference the same account identifier, you will only be prompted to configure platform metadata ingestion for one of them. Other connections using the same account identifier will display a message indicating that platform metadata ingestion is already configured.

5. Enter the necessary credentials. These should have warehouse-level visibility across relevant databases and schemas.

>     - Enter the necessary credentials. These should have warehouse-level visibility across relevant databases and schemas.

Reviewer: I think the placement of this info can be improved. Shouldn't this be a separate step (Step 5) after `4. Scroll to the **Platform metadata credentials** section.` since lines 46 and 48 provide the different options on how to edit the form?

If this is going to be a new step, we can also move line 49 under this.

>     - If you previously canceled and see **Add credentials**, click it to reopen the form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If you previously canceled and see **Add credentials**, click the button to reopen the form.
```

    - If you have multiple connections that reference the same account identifier, you will only be prompted to configure platform metadata ingestion for one of them. Other connections using the same account identifier will display a message indicating that platform metadata ingestion is already configured.
5. Select the **External metadata ingestion** option.
    - This allows metadata from this connection to populate the <Constant name="catalog" />.

>     - *Optional*: Enable additional features such as **cost optimization** in the **Features** section under **Platform metadata credentials**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - *Optional*: Enable additional features such as **Cost optimization** in the **Features** section under **Platform metadata credentials**.
```

>     - *Optional*: Enable additional features such as **Cost optimization** in the **Features** section under **Platform metadata credentials**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - *Optional*: Enable additional features such as **Cost insights** in the **Features** section under **Platform metadata credentials**.
```
